[Autogenerated] all right.
We did it.
We made it to the end of module three.
During our time in this module,
we actually looked at a few different services provided to us by AWS.
We looked at service catalog,
which is going to allow us to publish a version
controlled set of services for use by others.
And if you recall,
we can do it either within our own account or we could even
share to other AWS accounts as needed.
And then we also looked at the multiple offerings that AWS
gives us from managing our s three storage.
We looked at life cycle rules, encryption and then even cross region replication,
just to name a few.
So what's next?
What do we want to really get into following this course?
Well, I'll always recommend that you go ahead and you get your hands dirty.
The best way to learn is through experience.
So whenever you can dive into playing with all of these
different tools that we looked at,
you want to get comfortable with systems manager.
Now, this is going to mean you're creating automation documents.
You're executing different run commands and even creating patching
windows as well as utilizing parameter store really dig in and see
which of the services that are offered through systems manager are
going to benefit you.
In your use case,
there are several in there that can help you meet many different requirements.
And then we're gonna want to go ahead and optimize our data storage.
So this could mean a few different things.
We can start implementing lifecycle rules now that we know
how they work and what they look like.
We can enable cross region replication wherever it's
needed for many different purposes.
And we can even play around with intelligent tearing and allow s
three to utilize some machine learning to transfer our objects
within S three into the best storage class.
Now that's gonna do it for this course.
I'd like to thank you for watching it and please feel free
to reach out with any concerns or questions or really even
any input that you may have.
So once again, I'd really like to thank you for watching this course, and I hope to see you again soon.